To-Do:

FF button is beneath center panel. Highlight FF instead of adding arrow

Indicator with little icons for how many of a monster are in a wave

Reduce reaper fire rate, remove shadow blur from lightning

Create a dictionary to map row, col to position in monster path -- use for projectile leading

Portals follow based on path position

Monster levels still carry through levels

Don't hide elements onload - leads to flashing

Try pressing ready then spamming mouse: input errors, tiles not defined yet
Towers recalculate target upon killing current target (see Juror level 6, sputters between rounds)
Enter key for "Ready"

Aether tiers increase "strength", strongest monster it can teleport. Others break the portal

Design lava tiles to match directions like cobblestone

Transition: zoom in until blurry, zoom out to different maze

When pressing play button, configure screen comes up to align with the play button. So, clicking play twice starts the game. No back button, Play can change to Ready!
Enemy bought tower too expensive

On out of range, get new target!

Probably because when tower doesn't have a target, it calls findTarget then move() is over -- could repeat frame after frame
Aether portals track based on next tile
Clean up how monsters are created. Currently added both to monsterList and monstersWaiting

Tracking projectiles like Juror arrow find new target if died

Solar prince stopped attacking anything after a while -- when lots of towers are moving out of range

Prioritize most expensive upgrades

Towers initialize x, y, currTile on construction

Scale monster health better (big gaps between the higher monsters)

Give towers their own damage, atk, and range upgrade arrays! 

Change info pane colors to match theme

Highlight selection should be less bright

Reaper does weird target checking, try tier 5 and spam monster 7
Allow dot stacking from reaper (tower line 754, increase the damage by factor)

Attack right away on target swap (conduit is very slow when attacking monsters moving outside its range)

Make tower starting costs very high, but upgrade costs _lower_ -- incentivize fewer towers, more upgrades

Note: using aether image normal size and scaled 0.5, it looks like the stars are sparkling! Use this

Alpha fading in and out for towers

Monsters send in groups
Waves -- wave countdowns like 10 or 20 seconds, and you get a non-cumulative bonus for how much you sent that wave
So you could get 0 in a wave if you didn't send anything (isn't that just like having cheaper monsters? Money back? No incentive over the long term)

Add "canAfford" method to Util to reduce clutter of cost checks

Pause animations during pause

Separate tower classes into their own files

Randomize tree generation, where harder levels have higher probability (how to keep it fair between sides?)

Only one selection across canvases: cleaner

Different difficulties should change the effect of urgency -- easier is slower, harder is faster

Reduce clutter by not sending lower cost monsters (can be done just by walking down the monster list by price and buying as many as possible of the most expensive before running out)

Monsters keep a list of the types of dots applied, helps in preventing duplicates

Pause: stop rotations & hovering

Reaper DoT "spirit drain"

DoT: include in a monster's move, rather than having a whole new list of things to iterate
Stacking shouldn't add a new object, but increase the damage of the current DoT (unless overlapping durations)

Draw arrow indicating monster path

Blur monsters out with shadowColor white

Setting shadow color and blur on the whole canvas is actually awesome for tiles!

https://thorbjorn.itch.io/tiled

Water tile

Can always draw boss with shadow effects!

At top tier, conduit mouse controls stream, damages on tile

Aether portals have to calculate where in the monsterPath they are, potential source of over-complexity

You get more from sending monsters than you do from killing them

Tab to cycle towers

Add text showing how much will be added when upgrade button hovers

Animate monster movement (can just be shifting between tilts), tower attacks? 

Color upgrade color based on if you have enough

Stronger monsters take more lives

Player classes: attacker, defender, neutral, get certain bonuses to that specialization (monster speed, health, tower price, etc.), and some special unlockable only for that class -- a tier 6 of towers, a monster boss, etc.

Cannon top tier is slower, huge, big splash, ginormous explosion

Define tower-specific upgrades by giving each class its own upgrade array

Try to design the monster on the front page as a boss!

Modify lightning code for awesome looking laser beam (red)! Turn maxDifference down

As it stands, monsters can't be attacked in their original square, as they haven't yet notified the tile of their presence

Tower type: line directly to monster, damages per second

Press keys to select a tower type to buy/monster type to send (press 1 means tower type 1 appears at mouseX, mouseY if enough gold)

Wizard can attack #tier targets

Increase tower building probability the more monsters are on screen

Money if monster reaches end (lives?)

Tower targeting: update if a monster passes their target

Info pane is constant on the right side, changes context based on what's selected

Highlight tower & monster different color if you can afford


If this turns into a bigger game, can have two campaign paths: first you do normal TD, then you do sending monsters, then you get the combined mode

Customize enemy probabilities based on difficulty

Find a way to prioritize tower placement to the middle

Calculate some sort of "safety" ratio for the enemy. The more safe it feels, the more likely it is to perform offensive actions

Select from one tower to another

Consider highlighting drag & drop all white or red based on whether current tile is valid

Increase efficiency of random selection: instead of while(1000), pick a spot randomly and iterate across the list until found -- better worst case, similar average

Change tower upgrades into a single upgrade that improves various aspects -- tiers

Fix snapping at corners during monster movement

Enemy starts off with some towers? (prevents rushes)

Only draw explosion animation if tower is upgraded to splash

Alternate enemy behaviour: randomly choose something to do, and save up enough money to do it!

Format numbers to have commas

Prioritize towers less as you have more

Some sort of "leading" for the non-tracking projectiles (otherwise they lag)

Target priorities! Last, first, close, strong

Ideas for tier trees: single target, AOE, and support (e.g., hits do not more damage, but slow run speed or increase damage taken from other sources)

Check projectiles' magnitude: if ever zero, division is NaN!

Check out console's "Performance" tab

If I were a rich man:
	Convert to a single canvas -- would make drag and drop from tower menu easier, like the previous method

	Tower tiers look different
	Instead of highlighting the square a tower is on, overlay a shade onto the image itself

	Ready... set... go!

	Ctrl-1 cycles through towers of type 1, etc.

	Play around with cos & sin of straight projectile trajectories 
	(this.x += Math.sin(this.time) * 10;
	 this.y += Math.cos(this.time) * 10;)
	    for some crazy storms and patterns

	Animate monster health bar reductions (speed proportional to health lost)

	Sides have light & dark, so towers and monsters from each side are shadowed differently
	Enemy prioritizes tower placement in good spots (perhaps defined by the number of road tiles it touches, and if none then the distance to a road tile)

	Losing a life sends enemy into urgent
	Enemy also takes into account number of monsters on his side
	Enemy increases urgency the closer monsters get to the end
	Enemy prioritizes tiles for specific towers -- a position for a shooter (with high range) might be better than a low-range conduit


Notes for reducing lag:
	Reduce lightning height & strength (how many times render runs)
	Reduce the number of times each tower checks targets
	Calculate tower range for each tower, only check in that range
	Reduce attack speeds, increase projectile velocities (fewer on screen at once)
	Remove shadow, movement, & rotation effects from monsters, towers, projectiles
	Reduce number of save/restores, try out the drawSprite method in Tower.js
	Reduce garbage collection of projectiles and monsters by repurposing objects
	Aether's portals use two save and restores per draw frame when circling

Sabotage ideas:
	Enemy towers disabled for x seconds
	Monster speed up
	Monster health booster
Powerup ideas:
	Tower damage boost
	You don't gain income for 30 seconds, but at the end, your monsters run twice as fast (or something)
	Overall upgrades: Monster Armor levels (unlike current levels, this wouldn't increase monster costs)
					  Monster Shoes

Tower ideas:
	Light:
		Javelin thrower, thin arrow with white light blur, javelin disappears from hand when thrown until next throw
	Dark:
		http://www.pinsdaddy.com/grim-reaper-hood_Q0Hz1ZcdFMIu1PaxpXR%7CF*DN4hGca3DLqKaC0yVKwso/
		Grim reaper: scythe

	Reaper & some sort of God/Archon/Angel are the 'heroes' of their side, only 1, top tier
		OR, always there, and *lots* of custom upgrades for them along campaign
		Like a commander as you fight the battle -- always in the battle, but start off fairly weak
		You don't upgrade them during the fight, but between battles as you earn experience

	Portal-master: you choose two locations where it occasionally places portals. A certain number of monsters walk through one and are teleported to the other (presumably, back)

	Do the monster mash...

	Tower that generates little soldiers of your side (the ones who would be running through the other maze) to fight monsters on the track
	Or, the towers that generate monsters generate them on your side when enemies pass!!


Monster ideas:
	Hounds -- the beasts of the Reaper
	The point shouldn't just to be to gain money to spend more money on monsters that are just faster/stronger versions of previous monsters. Even in the late-game, the most basic monsters should still have a purpose, like zerglings. Monsters should have abilities and properties that can combine in interesting ways, encouraging creative use of each one, not just spamming the most expensive one.
	Only one boss alive at a time?

	Immune to portals, crushes them -- dispel magic

Game Mode ideas:
	Be the first to collect X gold (stockpile or cumulative)
	Be the first to X towers
	Things that emphasize the balance between sending monsters for income and building defense with towers
	Allies: both sides defend against a third wave sender, can transfer money & (maybe?) place towers on each other's canvases

Steps to creating a new tower:
	Add new costs and upgrade effects in Tower.js
	Add const name in Tower.js (e.g., const NEW_TOWER = x;)
	Add new projectile speed & splash in Projectile.js
	Add TILE_TOWER_X in Grid.js
	Increment NUM_TOWERS in Grid.js
	Add the tower to grids in Grid.js
	If desired, create new class to specially override functions
	Update StateController's placeTower to include the option for new tower with class if applicable
	Add image in ImageLoading.js
	If new projectile image, add that to images as well
	Show image in the towerselections HTML table


Consider an alternative type of game:
	Tug of war. Soldiers are spawned from each side, and walk along path towards the enemy gate. Towers are placed as support to the soldiers being spawned, and can be attacked by the enemy units as they pass by

Notes:
Cannon explosion animation from https://www.photopea.com/, select region with lasso, move with V -- make sure specific layer is selected

Images:
http://silhouettesfree.com/s.php?silhouette=Monster
http://www.stickpng.com/img/games/evolve/evolve-monster-side-view