To-Do:

You get more from sending monsters than you do from killing them

Tab to cycle towers

Add text showing how much will be added when upgrade button hovers

Animate monster movement (can just be shifting between tilts), tower attacks? 

Color upgrade color based on if you have enough

Stronger monsters take more lives

Player classes: attacker, defender, neutral, get certain bonuses to that specialization (monster speed, health, tower price, etc.), and some special unlockable only for that class -- a tier 6 of towers, a monster boss, etc.

Cannon top tier is slower, huge, big splash, ginormous explosion

Define tower-specific upgrades by giving each class its own upgrade array

Try to design the monster on the front page as a boss!

Debug button for delete all monsters/towers

Modify lightning code for awesome looking laser beam (red)! Turn maxDifference down

As it stands, monsters can't be attacked in their original square, as they haven't yet notified the tile of their presence

Objects like tower and monster should have their row, col as properties, rather than having to calculate it every frame

Tower type: line directly to monster, damages per second

Press keys to select a tower type to buy/monster type to send (press 1 means tower type 1 appears at mouseX, mouseY if enough gold)

Wizard can attack #tier targets

Increase tower building probability the more monsters are on screen

Money if monster reaches end (lives?)

Tower targeting: update if a monster passes their target

Info pane is constant on the right side, changes context based on what's selected

Highlight tower & monster different color if you can afford


If this turns into a bigger game, can have two campaign paths: first you do normal TD, then you do sending monsters, then you get the combined mode

Customize enemy probabilities based on difficulty

Find a way to prioritize tower placement to the middle

Calculate some sort of "safety" ratio for the enemy. The more safe it feels, the more likely it is to perform offensive actions

Select from one tower to another

Consider highlighting drag & drop all white or red based on whether current tile is valid

Increase efficiency of random selection: instead of while(1000), pick a spot randomly and iterate across the list until found -- better worst case, similar average

Change tower upgrades into a single upgrade that improves various aspects -- tiers

Fix snapping at corners during monster movement

Enemy starts off with some towers? (prevents rushes)

Only draw explosion animation if tower is upgraded to splash

Alternate enemy behaviour: randomly choose something to do, and save up enough money to do it!

Format numbers to have commas

Prioritize towers less as you have more

Some sort of "leading" for the non-tracking projectiles (otherwise they lag)

Target priorities! Last, first, close, strong

Ideas for tier trees: single target, AOE, and support (e.g., hits do not more damage, but slow run speed or increase damage taken from other sources)

If I were a rich man:
	Tower tiers look different
	Instead of highlighting the square a tower is on, overlay a shade onto the image itself

	Ready... set... go!

	Ctrl-1 cycles through towers of type 1, etc.

	Play around with cos & sin of straight projectile trajectories 
	(this.x += Math.sin(this.time) * 10;
	 this.y += Math.cos(this.time) * 10;)
	    for some crazy storms and patterns

	Animate monster health bar reductions (speed proportional to health lost)


Notes for reducing lag:
	Reduce lightning height & strength (how many times render runs)
	Reduce the number of times each tower checks targets
	Reduce attack speeds, increase projectile velocities (fewer on screen at once)

Sabotage ideas:
	Enemy towers disabled for x seconds
	Monster speed up
	Monster health booster
Powerup ideas:
	Tower damage boost


Notes:
Cannon explosion animation from https://www.photopea.com/, select region with lasso, move with V -- make sure specific layer is selected

Images:
http://silhouettesfree.com/s.php?silhouette=Monster
http://www.stickpng.com/img/games/evolve/evolve-monster-side-view